Fix collapse work on icon and empty area only (#2551)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

* The search prompt in the HTML output again correctly handles parenthesis and other special character that would previously cause the search to crash. ([#2513])

> * Collapse will work when clicked on icon and empty area only. ([#2204], [#2551])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Collapsing of docstrings in the HTML output can now only be triggered when clicking on the icon or the empty area only. ([#2204], [#2551])
```
